# soundscape-
My soundscape attempts to draw attention to some of the issues that immigrants face while migrating across the Southern Border. I am very passionate about this topic so I was deteremined to shed a bit of light on the hardships that an immigrant typically faces. I included sounds from FreeSounds, voicebooking.com (text to speech generator), and recorded a bit of my own tracks. I would categorize my soundscape as a PSA/call to action piece. I wanted there to be a sense of urgency so I included noises that would imitate a news episode. Additionally, I included an interview of a migrant man that would give sufficient information, but also the tone of his voice added to the effect of my soundscape. I used the fade in/out effect, as well as, the envelope tool. Additonally, I used the tool to amplify the sound and a lot of the cut, copy, paste, and delete. In the end, I found that this project allowed me to explore Audacity pretty extensively and play around with the effects. 
# screenshots- 
In my screenshots, I just wanted to show the detail of the tools I used. As mentioned before I used the fade in/out effect with the envelope tool which you could see in the screenshots. I also added a screenshot of the end of my soundscape because I wanted to show how I cut and copied part of a sound in order to get the exact part of the sound I wanted and to elongate the sound. I think that this allowed me to get the desired sound and for it to flow more smoothly. I believe if I were to copy and paste the whole sound without cutting it, it would have been too choppy. 
